Mention performance improvement to Set and Map in Release Notes (#10425)
dotnet/fsharp: release-notes.md

### FSharp Core 5.0.0

> * Significant [performance improvement](https://github.com/dotnet/fsharp/pull/10188) to core collections Set and Map by [buybackoff](https://github.com/buybackoff) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Performance improvement](https://github.com/dotnet/fsharp/pull/10188) to core collections Set and Map by [Victor Baybekov](https://github.com/buybackoff) 
```
